# java-arrays
The ArrayUtility class has 5 methods that manipulate array data. Arrays are a good way to hold a large amount of data in one place in memory. ArrayDriver uses these methods to show how the methods work.
	findLargestInt takes an integer array and uses a for loop to cycle through the array to find the largest integer in the array. This is done by using an if statement to compare each element with a temporary variable that holds the current largest element in the array. Once the whole array has been cycled through then the largest integer is returned. The findSmallestInt does that same thing that the previous method does but finds the smallest integer in the array. It uses the same concepts as the previous method.
	The printIntArray method takes an integer array and prints all elements of the array onto the console screen. It uses a for loop to cycle through the array and prints out each element of the array with a label of where it is located in the array.
The calculateAverge method takes an array and calculates the average of all the elements in the array. It uses a for loop to cycle through the array and sums up all the elements in the array into a temporary variable. The temporary variable is then divided by the arrays length. This calculation is then returned.
The increaseValues method takes an integer array and increases the values of each integer of the array by multiplying the original integer by two and storing it where the original integer was in the array. The method uses a for loop to cycle through the array.
